I have no responsibility for the current pandemic.
Stop lying!
you
Hold on ladies, there's a knot in the chain.
Let me fix it real quick.
Hold on guys.
My dummy.
I'm so dumb I forgot to put the shoulder straps on.
Hold on.
Hold on guys.
Your shoulder straps, they're right behind you.
You gotta pull them on down.
Hold on, guys.
It's showing empty.
I think I know what's wrong.
It ain't got no gas in it.
Hold on.
Something wrong with the thingamadoodle.
Let me check it out real quick.
Something's wrong with your seatbelt.
I gotta come check it.
Check the safety manual.
Hold on.
I got that manual over here.
Hold on ladies, number one thing, I forgot the shoulder straps.
Let me get it.
I forgot to put the shoulder straps on.
Let me get them real quick.
I forgot something.
I know what it is.
I forgot the gravy.
Hold on.
Hold on guys, there's something wrong with the medulla abundata.
Let me check real quick.
Hold on, I gotta see what's wrong with the skin of my ring.
Hold on.
Let me check it out.
Uh-oh, lady.
Something's wrong, lady.
Something's wrong with the chain.
Gotta check it.
My boss always told me, never forget that.
But I'm always forgetting the shoulder straps.
Number one tip.
Hold on.
Yeah.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
I know many of our donors.
Her donors took massive tax write offs.
A lot of my write-off was depreciation and other things that Hillary as a senator allowed.
And she'll always allow it because the people that give her all this money, they want it.
That's why.
See, I understand the tax code better than anybody that's ever run for president.
Hillary Clinton, and it's extremely complex,
Hillary Clinton has friends that want all of these provisions, including they want the carried interest provision, which is very important to Wall Street people.
But they really want the carried interest provision, which I believe Hillary's leaving.
It's very interesting why she's leaving carried interest.
But I will tell you that, number one, I pay tremendous numbers of taxes.
I absolutely used it, and so did Warren Buffett, and so did George Soros, and so did many of the other people that
There are no ethics.
There are no ethical boundaries to what they will do.
It is all about the utilitarian means justify the ends.
And you have to, for many of us, it's shocking.
You cannot conceive of a world in which there are no ethical boundaries.
You can't conceive of warfare in which there's no guardrails.
There's no consensus about the rules of engagement.
But that's what we're in right now.
And you have to, for many of us, it's shocking.
You cannot conceive of a world in which there are no ethical boundaries.
You can't conceive of warfare in which there's no guardrails.
There's no consensus about the rules of engagement.
But that's what we're in right now.
You have to completely park any idea of justice, right and wrong.
All that is obsolete in this battlefield environment.
testing one two test test one two testing one two download the peer tube app ladies and gentlemen it works like a charm um you got to find the little the little input window where you where you should put in your your stream to appear to platform search other platforms and then when you add enter in some words and it can't find it
You can put in the URL.
They'll offer you another button.
Then you click on that one and put in stream.gigaom.bio.
And Bob's your uncle, ladies and gentlemen, and Bob is your uncle.
Welcome to the independent bright web.
We're trying to make America real again.
We're trying to make the world of the internet real again by being real people on the internet, supported by real people on the internet and not sponsors and corporations and military industrial complexes acting through third party proxies.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is the show.
We have to fight.
We don't even recognize the truth no more in society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
I always think that there's two types of players.
Players who love to win and players who hate to lose.
Which one are you?
I'm neither.
Meaning?
Meaning that, you know, I play to figure things out.
I play to learn something, right?
Because I think if you play with a fear of failure or you play with the will to win or that supersedes a fear of failure, I think it's a weakness either way.
Right?
Because if you play with the fear of failing, you'll have the pressure on yourself to play, you know, to capitulate to that fear.
If you play with the sense of, I want to win, I want to win, then you have the fear of what happens if you don't.
But if you find common ground in the middle, in the center, then it doesn't matter.
You're not phased by either, right?
And that enables you to really just stay in the moment, stay connected to it, and not feel anything other than what's in front of you.
So, you know, I try to just be dead center.
So a lot of people in general are afraid of failure.
How did you become one of those people who doesn't seem to be afraid of failing?
It doesn't exist.
It's not existent.
What the hell does that mean?
Seriously, what does failure mean?
It's not, it doesn't, it doesn't exist.
It's a figment of your imagination.
What does it mean?
You're pulling a Jedi mind trick on me right now.
I'm serious.
Does it exist?
I'm trying to think, how can I explain it?
Let's use happy endings.
Then we can relate this to failure, why it's not existing.
Everybody talks about, everybody wants a happy ending.
Now let's go to the reality of it.
Let's look at a fairy tale story.
Let's look at Snow White.
She gets a happy ending.
She finds Prince or whatever.
She goes on.
She lives happily ever after.
I call bullshit on that.
Two months later, the fact is, they had an argument, and he's sleeping on the couch.
So the point is, the story continues.
The story continues.
So if you fail on Monday, the only way it's a failure on Monday is if you decide to not progress from that.
So to me, that's why failure is non-existent.
Because if I fail today, OK, I'm going to learn something from that failure, and I'm going to try again on Tuesday.
And I fail, and I'm going to try again on Wednesday.
So it doesn't exist.
You know what?
Should my ratings go in the tank?
That's exactly what I'm going to say to the bosses.
Hey, it doesn't exist.
Yeah, but you know what?
We should try it again on Thursday.
If your ratings go in the tank, which they won't, but if they did, you had learned a valuable lesson.
You had learned a bunch of ways of how not to make a show that sucks.
So then the next one would be better than the last one, right?
So are you telling me then, let's just say all the career statistics that you've compiled, they all still exist, still play for the Lakers, still, and all of that still happens.
If you finished your career without a championship, you would not have looked at that as a failure.
No, I wouldn't look at it as being extremely disappointed because I had a dream and I had goals that I wanted to accomplish, right?
And if I don't accomplish those goals, I have to ask myself why.
So from my position, the reason why I would not have accomplished those things is poor leadership, failure to communicate properly with my teammates to put them in positions to be successful, lack of preparation.
All those things would be reasons why I don't win.
If that was the case, and in my career, I have to sit and I have to analyze that.
And then as I move and I evolve, you know, post-basketball into business or whatever, those same weaknesses are going to reveal themselves there, right?
So if I don't learn from that, I'm going to struggle here too, right?
So I can take those situations.
and learn from those and have them, you know, make me a better person later in life.
But if I don't take that stuff and apply that someplace else, then that is, that's failing, which to me is the worst possible thing you could ever have is to stop and to not learn.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to the show where RNA cannot pandemic.
Transpection is a crime and autism is a myth.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is Giga Home Biological, a high resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
I'm coming to you live out of my garage in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The title of the show today is Between Two Phages.
We need to get ourselves off of social media so that we can set the proper example for our kids.
And we need to have the right arguments.
So I really want to start with those right arguments every night, every afternoon.
Whenever I do a show, I'm going to try to remind you that autism spectrum disorder is a myth.
It's used to make sure that intramuscular injection is never questioned as a methodology.
Virology is never questioned as a science.
And public health is never questioned as a reason.
They've done the same thing with the theater around pandemics and gain of function.
And if we don't realize that this is all garbage, we're going to be in big trouble.
More importantly, our kids aren't going to be able to see through this myth the next time it's brought forward.
We need to explain why the cheese is free on social media, why the phones are free from our phone companies.
We need to start explaining this stuff and I think one of the ways to break people out of the spell is to teach them the biology that all these people are ignoring.
And that's what we're trying to do here at Gigaohm Biological.
I'm really happy you could join me today.
Welcome to Monday's show.
We are going to try to do a full week this week.
I don't really know how well that will go, to tell you the truth.
I don't know.
But I'm definitely going to try.
I know there's a lot of material out there.
Whoops, bad transition.
I know there's a lot to do.
It's really just a question of how to spend our time as wisely as possible.
I can tell you that we have to show our children the truth about social media.
We need to show them that social media, when they put enough actors on it, is simply a weaponized theater.
And America especially needs to stay focused on this, like that eagle is staying focused.
If we don't stay focused on the biology in America and try to get our kids off of social media, we will continue to take their bait.
And if we continue to take their bait, loving our neighbors will be virtually impossible.
That's what I think is happening here.
This fifth generation warfare that I speak of is not just on the quote-unquote right.
It's not just these wacky organizations and these wacky little movements that I have here that were big enough to get a logo or big enough to get a little coverage on social media.
No, no, no.
It's much more malevolent than that.
What we are dealing with is a fake health freedom trap.
And it is a trap that people who voted for Donald Trump, people that thought Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
might be a good guy, or Peter McCullough might be a good guy, they fell for something much bigger than just Peter McCullough, much bigger than Donald Trump, or much bigger than Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
And in fact, all of the people who've fallen into the health freedom movement trap
would be happy to look in the mirror and say, well, I don't believe in all of the people in the health freedom movement.
Obviously, some of the people in the health freedom movement aren't to be trusted.
You know, even the least of which, you know, most people can admit that Alex Jones is a bit of a hothead.
But that's the point, ladies and gentlemen.
That is the point.
The health freedom movement was always a trap.
It was always a trap.
And that's the crazy part.
Ladies and gentlemen, as a trap, hello, my name is Jonathan Cooey.
This is Giga on Biological, a high resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
The fact of the matter is, if it was always a trap, then they never had anything to offer us.
Then the whole idea of vaccines cause autism, the whole idea that adjuvants can do things, the idea that there's a chronic, you know, disease epidemic in children, and they have an answer for it, or they have the explanation,
has always been a trap.
And now you need to expand your time horizon a little bit and try to think why.
Why would they have put this trap there?
Why would they have spent so much time and energy setting Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
up for where he is now, setting Donald Trump up for where he is now, putting all these people in place so that the pandemic would go as it did?
Why would they have done that?
And what are they gonna gain from it for 10 years or for 20 years?
If you think of it like a military operation with a longer time horizon,
and a longer expectation of outcome control, then you can start to see where we might be and why all these people that purport to be saving us from something are just rehashing a nonsense limited spectrum debate about a system that's largely controlled by blackmail.
Can you imagine the scenario where somebody told you that that aircraft carrier and everything that happens on it is controlled by a combination of blackmail, drugs, and people with guns to their head?
Can you imagine somebody trying to explain the workings of an aircraft carrier over a 24-hour period as being largely governed by people with guns to their heads, people that are being blackmailed by pictures and videos of them, and people that are willing to do it because they're either getting paid or they get drugs for free.
Can you imagine a scenario where we would try to explain the workings of an aircraft carrier like that?
Because right now,
Social media has convinced us that our governments all around the world operate exactly like that.
And that is absolutely absurd.
And we've come to believe that because over the last six years, we have assumed... Ah, darn.
Just past the memory point.
There we go.
We have assumed that we can tweet or Facebook post or signal chat our way to changing the script of the Star Trek episode we're watching.
You know, where Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Donald Trump are on stage and they're running the spaceship?
Where Laura Loomer's over there in the corner yelling and screaming and then the rest of the cast reacts to her?
And we feel a part of it because somebody tweets something that seems to be related to us, or we get a few thumbs up, or we got a DM message with a smiley face from Peter McCullough on Instagram.
So, oh my gosh, I feel so important.
Social media has completely bamboozled us into believing we mean anything, have any contact with anyone.
We have never been more alone in our lives.
And the illusion of the urgency, the illusion of the mystery and the intrigue has all been created for us.
And because we have participated in this choose your own adventure that's based on our phones, it's much more engaging than any even theater movie could be, even with the most gripping special effects.
Because it appears as though we're interacting with it, but we're not.
These people are on internet, on the social media specifically, to create that illusion.
And if we don't see through it as adults and start to show our kids how it can be used against them, then the kids will grow up believing that social media is a pretty good substitute for a global town square where everybody gets equal spa- whatever.
And so we are making an effort right now to break that mold.
I'm going to swing over to the other side here.
We are trying to make a break from this mold.
And breaking from that mold means trying to build our own decentralized, federated,
social media.
That means that I'm paying for my own server.
That means that I have a good friend that helps me maintain it and update it and make sure that it's running how it should be run, that the storage is paid for, that we have enough of that.
And I'm learning along the way.
but it's not something that if I can do it, that means a lot of people can do it because there's a lot more clever people on the internet than me.
A lot more people that have built a lot more websites and put a lot of tech together and have even maybe maintained their own GitHub for some other app or some other program.
And so all of those people are a potential energy source.
that could be used to create thousands and thousands of more instances of PeerTube with thousands of different subjects, or historians, or analysts, or journalists, or teachers that could produce output for free.
Sorry, don't produce output for free, but distribute it for free in a way that is safe, in a way that is private, or even better, anonymous.
Because this is also part of the word games that they're playing.
Do you want a private network?
where there is identity and there is information, it's just protected?
Or do you want an anonymous network?
Because that's one of the things that our children are being actively targeted to not understand right now, is the idea that there are different ways for the internet to be free.
And they want you to believe that eventually that the only way the internet can be free is if everybody's ID is on the internet, that we all know who everybody is.
That's one form of freedom.
The other form of freedom would be an anonymous town square, an anonymous bulletin board, somewhere where crazy ideas could be put up and people could talk about them and it wouldn't be offensive or wouldn't be scary.
It's just the way things are.
Yes, there are gray areas.
Yes, there are things we have to do there.
But keep in mind that this is the game they're playing.
I'm not saying I've got an easy answer for it.
I'm just telling you that they are gonna play a game.
And the main game is that they want you to believe that there's a coin.
And if you accept the coin, then the coin has two sides and it's also got an edge.
And most of these myths are kind of like that.
Nobody argues about whether there is even a coin.
They accept the existence of the coin.
They accept both sides of the coin.
And they even accept that the edge is there.
And you will see a lot of this stuff that we're dealing with, lab leak or natural virus, Republican or Democrat, it's all kind of the same thing.
And the thinner the coin is, the more effective it is.
And so this is for all the marbles.
This is for the children of earth.
This is for our children's minds and for their sovereignty.
And so it is without a doubt, I am sure, without a doubt, I am putting, and my whole family is risking everything to try and spread this word.
I said it to my wife on the dog walk today.
I know
that I can't save the world.
I know that I can't even save the United States.
I know that I can't even save Pittsburgh.
But I do know I can save as many people as possible.
And I know most importantly, I can help to try and set my kids generation up with the knowledge necessary to understand how all the adults around them got us here.
because that's gonna be the trick.
The trick, in my humble opinion, is going to, for us to be able to navigate to a point in the future where the kids can respect and trust us again.
And the trouble is, is that even if we go full capitulation and say that, yeah, sorry, we kind of fell for Trump and for Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and for these other people, it won't be enough for our kids to forgive where we ended up because we won't have the clarity of mind to explain to them why it's more complicated than that.
But it is of utmost importance to understand that you and I and everybody didn't fall for just one person.
We didn't fall for Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
We fell for Mary Holland and Merrill Nass and Brian Hooker and Robert Malone and for all of these people that collectively seemed to represent a semi-coherent alternative set of ideas that was, by design, very easy to see, was more nuanced than what was on TV.
And so we were trapped from the very beginning in 2020 by a very simple coin.
You accept what's on TV or you don't.
And so that coin was also very deceptive, but they used that on us for almost two years.
Either you accept what's on TV, natural virus, or you don't.
They're covering it up.
It's a lab leak.
And I fell for that coin.
I believed wholeheartedly in that coin and I argued for flipping it over and over and over again.
And it's been done to us over and over and over again.
We keep getting played by these people who accept the existence of all of these coins and they're not real.
There is no coin.
That is the trick to understand.
It's just murder and lies.
There is no coin.
It's just actors on podcasts.
and then you can see it.
Ladies and gentlemen, intramuscular injection is indeed a dumb idea from the 1800s and we are going to read books about it.
Mark already has them uploaded to his website.
They very, very obviously lay out a case for the idea that intramuscular injection by hypodermic needle
became widely used before anybody understood enough of our biology to know how silly it was.
And we got all the way here because it's so silly, because it's so variable, unreliable, because it is so ridiculous.
Transfection of healthy humans was a crime.
And today that's one of the focuses of the show because again, remember the way that they avoid actually saying anything of report for you and your family is to never tell you that it was, and always has been old technology that has been recycled in a semantic sort of way by calling them gene therapies and all, you know, this technology that had never been widely used before.
which everybody, everybody says has not been widely used before, and they're still saying it, but the problem is that's wrong.
It has been widely used for 20 years on every academic bench in almost every biological discipline on earth.
We have been transfecting cell cultures and plants and animals and you name it for decades, ever since the production of DNA and RNA and lipofectamine has been around.
Lipofectamine is a product.
that uses lipid nanoparticles produced in your own laboratory with centrifuges to transfect things, to make lipid nanoparticles loaded with DNA or RNA.
This is a long, long, long ago.
widely distributed technology.
So when you have a health freedom movement composed of Robert F. Kennedy Jr., and Merrill Nass, and Mary Holland, and Brian Hooker, a 16-year genetics dude for the Department of Energy before he became an anti-vaxxer that didn't use the word autism in 2013 because he didn't like it, he didn't think it was an honest word.
These are the people
who have brought us all the way to 2025 without bothering to tell you that this is an old technology that, you know, people like Brian Hooker were using on his bench when he used to be a laboratory scientist for the Department of Energy for 16 years, transforming and transfecting plants for them to produce proteins for medicine.
And so RNA cannot pandemic is a great phrase to use with somebody that thinks they're well-versed in biology.
First challenge them to explain the wonderful discovery of DNA and why it's so important in evolution.
And then ask them, how is it that RNA can pandemic if it has none of the chemical characteristics that DNA does that you just explained to me are so vital
to its underpinnings of the process of evolution, then how in the hell could RNA accomplish anything like endemicity?
Stop lying!
And so autism is a meaningless word by design.
Of course, anybody with autism will take offense to that.
Anybody who knows anybody with autism will take offense to that.
And quite frankly, I would suggest that that's kind of tough shit because a lot of these things are going to be hard for people to hear.
And autism is a myth.
Anybody that has autism and can talk to you about it already should understand that these kids that were featured by Wakefield, these kids that have gut dysbiosis and bang their head against the wall and have projectile diarrhea for several months or years of their lives are a more complicated case of something else
than autism is.
Nobody is complaining about getting a vaccine-injured kid that can count cards.
Nobody's complaining about a vaccine-injured kid that just happens to be able to play the piano like Mozart, but can't talk or make eye contact.
That's what I mean by autism is a meaningless word by design.
You see, that's the point.
And so again, I'm still going to beat this dead horse because it's vital to teach our children.
And if you haven't heard me say it, I got to say it almost every day.
These people are getting away with it because they're not talking about 2020.
They're not talking about 2021, what they were doing and what bandanas they were wearing or whether or not their dogs were in a bubble suit.
They want to talk about how the COVID shots are bad because that's part of this.
The one thing that none of the people on the left or the right seem to be able to see is that PCR has become a gold standard and it never should have, could have, is.
It can't be.
PCR requires painstaking controls and repetitions in order to be used on the academic bench to prove the existence of anything or the presence of something.
And it needs to be corroborated by other data.
And in medical diagnostics since 2020, we have by consensus on both sides, including all the crazy people on Trump's team, started to use PCR to scan and diagnose for up to 18 viral signals at the same time in patients across the nation and around the world.
And that by scientific definition is nonsense.
None of those tests contain the necessary controls or replicate and triplicate to make any statements about anything.
Never mind the idea that where are these signals in the background every day and all the other people that don't go into the hospital or the doctor and take a test.
They don't know, they don't care because these tests are being used disingenuously to distort the idea, to erase the idea that there is indeed an irreducibly complex background of genetic signals on which a single primer,
pair plus probe could easily be nonspecific.
And so they need to make a bigger case for PCR as a diagnostic than yeah, it just works.
I mean, there's a whole nother regulatory agency to be established just to regulate PCR diagnostics.
They have become so ubiquitously used for nothing.
They're dumb.
And they're being used as if they are a hammer and a nail or, you know, a Torx wrench or a, or a Allen keys, you know, like really fine WeHa tools.
No, they're not.
They're not at all.
I don't know if that's a good tool thing or not.
Just the one that came to mind.
And so this is perhaps the most heartbreaking part.
Anyone, anyone, anyone on either side, nobody will talk about this.
This right here, which you can see in this 2001 graph of the population pyramid with men on this side and females on that side with ages going up, is a population pyramid wherein built in is this large families after World War II,
And when these people move from being very wealthy, tax-paying individuals with high salaries and good jobs and five houses, good for me, when they start pulling out of the system,
when they stop paying taxes, when they start pulling out of the system, all kinds of weights and all kinds of gear ratios are gonna change inside of our complex mechanism, our socioeconomic system.
And they have seen these gear changes coming for a very long time.
And in fact, I am arguing that they have been putting people in place, narratives and ideas in place in mainstream media and in movies so that they would have the necessary ideas in mind.
You know, like depopulation and that kind of stuff.
So that people would never realize that actually behind
behind this anticipated rise in all-cause mortality was the results of a successful campaign which convinced people like my brother not to have any kids, which convinced a lot of people not to have more than two, maybe only have one.
And so instead of being a population pyramid that would have spread out down over here like this, the population pyramid is already sharp here.
We already have a potential collapse coming because a healthy population pyramid is like a pyramid.
And in fact, you can see that this same anticipated rise in all cause mortality was simply unavailable to be misconstrued as spread in most countries in Africa and in places like that.
So they couldn't really do it.
Even India was missing this bump here at the top, which could have at least provided a brief signal that they could have misconstrued as COVID, but in America,
in the UK, in Scotland, in Australia, in Japan, they had this signal in spades.
So they pointed to it.
And so they anticipated more people to come to the hospital.
They anticipated more people to get pneumonia.
They anticipated more people to need antibiotics.
And so timed very well with this anticipated rise in all cause mortality.
Tony Fauci said in 2017 that there definitely will be something in the next few years because we've seen it coming since around 1990 when Jonathan Couey was graduating from high school.
Yeah, we've seen it coming.
There it is.
Oh my gosh.
Look at those bars growing at the top there.
It'd be a shame if we had to spare no expense in saving all of those people's lives, keeping them alive as long as possible.
Hell, we might not even have enough hospital beds to do that.
And so an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality
was sculpted using murder and lies, manslaughter and lies, just lies that caused other people to kill people without knowing it or die without knowing it.
Pitch it however you want to.
This guy was part of fooling us.
This guy remains actively part of fooling us.
He is a scripted national security actor because we are being run by a false two-party theater.
And I think my friend Mark is right.
Even if you think that this is just a one party theater, you still believe that there's some super overarching authority that's controlling everything and you stand no chance.
Maybe you think it's the bankers or something like that.
This is not going to get us out.
Because that means that nobody stands up.
That means nobody takes responsibility.
That means nobody takes action.
And we need people to take action.
And I don't mean take up arms.
I mean take up action.
Teach our children the truth.
Teach our teachers the truth.
Teach our neighbors the truth.
And so anybody that has risen into clear view on both sides and clear view is trademarked here because I'm trying to make money off of it, although I don't know how.
Our need to know basis scripted actors, obviously I'm joking here.
This Trump shooting was fake.
The only question is how much did Trump know beforehand?
The only question is when they tell America that this is likely true, what will happen to America?
What will happen to America if we end up getting into an argument about how much did Trump know about the staged shooting?
What would happen to America if we found out that the second shooter that was somewhere on his golf course was staged and they never even addressed Butler PA again?
What would happen to America if Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
was demonstrated definitively to be a scripted fraud who doesn't know what he's talking about?
What would happen to the American public?
What would happen to America in general, American communities, if Donald Trump was 100% discredited?
Because that is potentially where we're going with Tulsi Gabbard at Director of National Intelligence, with Jay Bhattacharya at NIH, with these guys at FDA, with this Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
at HHS.
We are in big trouble.
And it's very, very simple.
It really is.
There was an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality that you can even see in this short timescale graph.
Much easier to see in the graphs that people like Denny Rancourt have been purporting to explain for the last five years, but lying about it.
It's very, very simple.
If you look at it from the all-cause mortality perspective, not only is there an anticipated rise visible, but you can see that pneumonia is what we lost control of.
And we could lose control of pneumonia by just telling people that there's a such thing as a viral pneumonia for which antibiotics are inappropriate.
That a low oxygen from this $5 Amazon device could be a sign that you have COVID and maybe a good way to supplement that would be with oxygen.
One of the things that, of course, is in so many of these medical files, but so many of these people don't seem to point it out, including people like Scott Shara, including people like Pierre Corey, who pushed supplementary oxygen in the beginning of 2020, like Kyle Seidel in New York City, who was pushing supplementary oxygen up to 60 liters a minute.
These are deadly concentrations of pure oxygen that would lead definitively to acute respiratory distress syndrome.
The term comes from the toxic use of oxygen in the intensive care unit.
It's in the textbooks.
And this omission by everyone on all sides is equivalent to the omission by everyone of all sides on the scrutiny for the PCR.
It's the same as the admission on both sides, the omission on both sides that transfection is an old technology, but both sides seem to be convinced that it's a new thing, a new gene therapy that is or isn't good or isn't it or isn't worth investing in.
And now you can see what the coin does.
And all of these coins have been handed to us and flipped over and over by these people on stage, and there is no coin.
None of these people are flipping a coin.
None of these people are winning coin tosses.
It is a theater.
And Casey's also shared some pretty concerning takes on vaccines.
Like when she appeared with her brother on Joe Rogan's podcast and said this.
It's like with vaccines, it's like, yeah, I bet that one vaccine probably isn't causing autism.
But what about the 20 that they're getting before 18 months?
Like, we don't look at it in synergistic, you know?
And so that's a big problem.
Yeah, that's not great.
In fact, I will go so far as to say that that is the most obviously horseshit thing Casey Means has said since claiming that that smoothie was, mm, really good on the Meat Juice Farm cast hosted by what appears to be Pinterest's final boss.
That feels really dangerous.
And so I will make the point one more time, right?
There's a very distinct goal with their method.
And there is a very distinct effect of their script.
And it's taken me five years of hard work to really feel as though we're getting close to seeing through it.
Understanding how they've used the autism spectrum against us is very similar to how they use the gender spectrum against us.
It's just, who's the target?
And I think as easy as it is for us to dismiss the gender spectrum as kind of a bunch of nonsense, it was easy for the left to dismiss the idea that vaccines cause autism.
And even if both of those dismissals are a bit short through the corner or a bit too simple to be intelligent, it is the enticing nature of their simplicity that made them very easy to fall for, especially because there are people on the internet and on mainstream media that are scripted to agree that these are
the formulations of the questions that matter most.
Instead of, for example, intramuscular injection maybe is the problem.
Instead, we talk about vaccines, which is one of the most aspecific, inaccurate, broad terms in use today.
It's a bit like a word like vehicle or tool.
And it means very little unless you're very specific.
And so if I say I have a tool in my hand, what do you know?
Not very much.
If I say I'm going to give you a vaccine, what do you know?
And that's by design because intramuscular injection is just dumb.
It has no basis in biology.
but it does have a basis in the inability of somebody who has been intramuscularly injected with a combination of substances to realize what has been done as a result, what has happened as a result, and how to connect them temporally because the effects tend to be smeared out.
It's the best place to inject something into someone that you don't want to know
the side effects of.
Let's say, for example, you wanted to inject your kid with a truth-telling serum, but you didn't want him to know that it had any effect.
The truth-telling serum might actually burn in the skin where there's lots of nerves.
The truth-telling serum might taste like citrus and urine if you squirted it in the mouth.
It might smell like urine if it was, you know, if you could smell it or spilled it.
But if you inject it into their arm, it doesn't sting.
They don't smell anything.
And by the time they get sick from what you injected, they won't necessarily know what it's from and you'll already be talking to them and they'll already be telling you the truth about how they feel and about where they were last night.
It's really about intramuscular injection being dumb.
If you understand why that inconvenient truth might require Tony Fauci and Paul Offit and Mary Holland and Meryl Nass and Robert Malone and Brian Hooker and all these people to be there while they got their act together.
While they were able to organize a sort of mythology in a theater that would get us to give up our sovereignty willingly.
I make light of it when I say that your children are trapped in a national security theater and cartoon chickens, but it's true.
You can think of it like the ball in Indiana Jones coming running down the ramp of the cave, but it's not funny.
That's what they did to us.
You can think of it as the guy on that ride in the beginning of the show.
By going on social media and saying it might be a lab leak, this might be a bioweapon, that's the same thing as saying, oh man, my boss always tells me to put those shoulder straps on, hold on one second.
And so don't think for one second that that's not what was going on.
Just the same, they're taking advantage of the fact there was two sides of a coin.
Either you believe what's on TV or you don't.
Either you think it's a lab leak or you don't.
It's a natural virus.
The coin doesn't exist, but once you start running, that's all you've got.
It's really, really awful.
So I do think this is vital.
I do think these slides are vital.
I do think that the way to fight this is to be able to say it succinctly.
They are hiding that intramuscular injection is a dumb idea.
They are hiding that virology is nothing but transfection and transformation in cell culture.
And they are hiding the fact that public health doesn't have that much to offer us now that we have clean water and soap and we have good food and good hygiene and a good supply chain and this kind of thing.
Yes.
Yes, we need to improve what we put in our guts.
You gotta stop eating fast food.
Yes, you gotta stop eating things out of boxes and bags.
Yes, you need to get outside more, but there are some truths that are more important than that.
And as Mark Kulak has said, a lot of times it's just about priority.
And if they can get you to put your priorities in the wrong place and think that most of the ship, most of the aircraft carrier is controlled by a combination of blackmail, drugs, and payment, then you're never really gonna understand
This is the recommended childhood vaccination schedule in the United States.
It's a monthly schedule that breaks down the age a child should be vaccinated for common infectious diseases.
Here's measles at 12 months and polio starting at two months.
Here's hepatitis B, recommended often before a baby even leaves the hospital.
The reason why I'm showing you these blue videos today is because I want you to understand what we're up against.
And when I say we, I mean the people that chose the red versus the blue.
And there is, make no mistake about it, that's the trap we're in.
The people that potentially could be confused enough to hate us are on the blue side.
And they are the people who largely can't really process the idea that
the truth is not available for free on TV.
These are the people who trust most of the people they know.
These are the people who think that there's very little, if any, fraud going on anywhere.
Certainly not in the banks or in academia or in the government.
And so, yes, we are in a pretty bad trap, but the trap was set for us.
And it was many layered.
It wasn't just gonna be, you know, oh, darn, you figured it out.
You took his mask off and now you figured it out.
No way, no way.
And so this is what we are up against right now because this is what the majority, and I say that with a real, the majority of the country thinks this.
that the vaccine schedule's okay, that Paul Offit's okay, and that there's no possible way that the vaccine schedule could exist.
other than as if it really is the foundation of our modern society.
All diseases that at one time came with a host of horrifying side effects, things like brain damage, paralysis, and even death.
And so parents and pediatricians have followed these recommendations for decades.
But in recent years, there's been a lot of confusion and concern.
More and more parents are choosing to delay or even outright omit parts of the schedule.
And to be fair, this can be very overwhelming.
Why do young children need so many shots on such a tight schedule?
Do you hear it?
So they're already going to absorb a lot of the vaccine skepticism.
They're even going to say that it's normal to be skeptical.
because we have been walked into a trap, ladies and gentlemen, and if we don't pull out now, I mean really get out of the trap and admit that we were fooled, but point out that they are just as fooled, just slightly more of them, that's the problem.
The lemmings are gonna get teeth soon.
Let's break it down.
Well, first of all, I think we do ask a lot of parents in this country.
I mean, we ask them to give vaccines to prevent 14 different diseases in the first few years of life.
That can mean as many as 25 shots during that time.
Dr. Paul Offit is the director of the Vaccine Education Center at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia.
I think the skepticism or pushback is perfectly understandable.
I think it would be amazing if people didn't push back a little bit on vaccines.
It would be amazing.
It would be amazing if people didn't push back a little bit.
Isn't this the most remarkably disingenuous presentation you've ever, never seen?
But this is where we are right now today in America.
And because of social media, lots of our family and friends have no fricking clue that this is where they are already.
And that's terrifying, ladies and gentlemen.
We need to point this out.
We need to pull our family and friends out of this mess because the doors are closing fast.
Especially because we're talking about children as young as a day old, which makes giving them shots very scary, but also very necessary.
Newborns are one of the most vulnerable populations in health care.
Now, why are newborns so vulnerable?
See, that's another thing that's just hilarious here because newborns are vulnerable because their gut wall isn't solid yet, because their blood-brain barrier isn't solid yet.
So breastfeeding a baby is the best way to go about the first few months, if not years, if possible, for this simple reason.
because a human baby comes out of the womb in less than fighting condition.
And so, yes, they are vulnerable, but how can they justify intramuscular injection being a valid way of helping with that vulnerability?
And it's that complete naivety, that complete lack of understanding that needs to be present and is present in all of these actors.
And it's facilitated by the fact that deep down, Paul Offit knows that the only really good foolproof vaccines would be vaccines that you could eat.
And he said it before.
It's just that right now, you know, that would be ideal, but that's not the way things are.
Their organs are still developing and their immune systems are brand new.
When you're born, you're initially in a virtually sterile environment in the womb.
But then when you pass through the birth canal and you're in the world, you're not.
This means that babies are especially susceptible to certain diseases.
Consider RSV, respiratory syncytial virus.
There are 60,000 to 80,000 hospitalizations every year in the United States.
for children who are infected with RSV.
It's the number one cause of hospitalization in the United States.
My guess is that the majority of kids that have RSV are not being breastfed.
Maybe it's 100%.
And so again, we're talking about fundamental biology that's left completely out of the discussion of childbirth and childbearing.
Fundamental things just left out.
And in case you're not aware, breast milk is just not milk.
It can also pass gut bacteria to the baby and seed the original microbiome.
Yes, sir.
In under one-year-olds.
Researchers have been working on a vaccine for this virus since the 60s.
In 2023, it was added to the schedule for infants.
And of course, as Catherine Organic in the chat has pointed out, there are antibodies which are passed
with the breast milk.
And many of those antibodies are aspecific antibodies for a wide range of different, let's say, motifs in nature that everybody has antibodies to that are supplemented by the breastfeeding.
So again, here we are
Not really saying part of the reason why this can exist, part of the reason why the justification for it does exist is because of this inversion or erasure of a lot of what was considered fundamental biology.
I feel a lot of times in this discussion it's necessary for me to testify to the fact that we, my wife and I, my wife had our first two children in Norway and when we had our first kid we were given three days in a
adjacent building that was a hospital hotel run specifically for new mothers and their families so that the husband and the wife could spend three days in a hotel where a midwife and coach of breastfeeding was available by the pull of a string.
where they taught the husband how to be able to see whether there was enough breast in the mouth, whether the position of the tongue and the lips was okay.
Because of course, women can't always see that depending on the size of their breasts.
So it's a very remarkable investment in the first few days of parenting, including how to change the diaper, how to give a bath, you know, how hard can you push?
How do they burp?
This whole thing.
Can you imagine if you didn't have this, just think about how breathtakingly amazing it would have been to have it.
Where you and your husband could have spent, or you and your wife could have spent three days in a paid hospital bed with
you know, really enthusiastic midwives around that could have taught you, dad, how to change that newborn's diaper, could have taught you, dad, how to put that breast in the mom's mouth, could have taught you, dad, how to help this woman struggle with all kinds of things that she's never done before, all kinds of pressures that she's never felt before, and had all these professionals around to help you do it.
And in America, we have this.
And I don't think that that explanation is exaggerating at all.
That's a pretty good approximation to the difference between having a baby in Norway where they don't talk to you about shots.
They talk to you about breastfeeding.
And America where they don't talk to you about shots.
They just give them to your baby unless you're smart enough to know not to tell them not to do it.
Nobody asked us if Freddie should get a hep B shot and a vitamin K shot.
They were doing it when I said, what are you doing?
And she kept going, finished that, and then told me what she did.
Our experience in America has been nothing short of a medical nightmare, and we have perfectly healthy kids, and we are perfectly healthy parents.
And so I have a quite, well, relatively in America, a pretty unique perspective on the trap we're in.
Because I also tried to help this, what I now know to be a fake health freedom movement.
I tried to help them get farther.
I tried to help them finally score a touchdown, you know, thinking that it was like a rugby scrum.
And if we just had one or two more people pushing on our side, for sure, we would make progress.
So we don't recommend it for five-year-olds.
They tend to get a cold when they get an RSV.
But under one-year-olds, many of them get hospitalized.
This is Dr. Jim Campbell, by the way.
He's a vaccine expert with the American Academy of Pediatrics.
We represent the children of the United States, and we want to make sure that what's recommended is what's appropriately recommended to protect children.
It's interesting to think that there's no one out there protecting the children before birth.
except for what, this pro-life movement that's against abortion?
How come the pro-life movement that's against abortion isn't against vaccines, you know, in the first whatever months of development?
Can you see any contradiction there?
Any like, wow, that's kind of wacky.
I never thought about that.
Yeah, it's all over the place, ladies and gentlemen, and it's all biologically based.
biologically-based bullshit.
Vaccines offer a safe way to train their new immune systems.
And each part of this schedule, from the dosage to the timing, is curated to do that extremely effectively.
Every single part of the schedule has been scrutinized by multiple medical organizations.
So when deciding if and when a vaccine should go on the schedule, experts are looking at two main things.
One is the disease burden, which is basically the impact of the illness on society.
What we call the epidemiology.
When do you see those diseases?
And when would it be reasonable to give vaccines based on timing of the disease?
So you want to make sure the child is fully immune.
by the time they are most likely to get these infections.
And two is the immune system itself.
When can it launch the best response?
For example, babies are born with some temporary measles antibodies from their mom.
If a vaccine is given too early, those maternal antibodies could prevent the baby from developing their own.
In short, the vaccine doesn't work.
While it's safe to give the measles vaccine earlier, experts have found the optimal time to give it in the U.S.
is between 12 and 15 months, then again before a child enters kindergarten.
And this method has been found to be 97% effective at preventing measles.
This method has been shown to be 97% effective with a range of 67 to 100%.
And again, this is a script reading person who doesn't understand
the endeavor of biology nearly well enough to say the things that she's saying with the certainty with which she's saying, you know, like extremely effective.
Extensive research into these two factors, the disease burden and the immune response at various ages, are exactly why a child gets so many vaccines so quickly.
But this has a lot of parents asking, couldn't all these shots overwhelm a child's very new immune system?
That's the biggest concern by far.
There is no way to quote, overwhelm your immune system.
Our immune systems, even the very new ones, are incredible.
So overwhelming the immune system is kind of a straw man.
Although, you know, I don't know how to, some of those concepts that don't really make that much sense to me.
So I don't use them very often, but it's kind of a false argument.
It, it's suggesting that there is a immune system to teach.
It suggests that they are able to teach it.
And then it suggests that the only question is, is there a limit on what it can learn?
And then the answer is no, there isn't.
And so the coin is, you know, is there too much?
Is there a limit?
Yes or no.
And there is no coin.
This is complete nonsense.
They don't know how to augment the immune system of a newborn baby by injecting things into the muscle.
And they certainly don't know that what they're doing is protecting these babies given the fact that, again, we have sanitation and clean water and soap and nutrition and hospitals and sterile stuff and one-time use needles and all this other crap that makes it very difficult
for anybody to really reconcile what was happening when people were sicker than they are today.
But it certainly gets rid of the biggest causes and starts to focus on these public health based things as being extremely important.
And they have no basis for this in evidence, no basis for this in the historical record, no basis for this claim.
And in fact, I'm convinced now after a lot of book buying and book reading and archiving that intramuscular injection is just a dumb idea that nobody bothered to check.
Because for almost a generation, everybody thought that intramuscular injection seemed to be the best thing since buttered bread.
And we've just kind of latched on and kept on that idea since.
Maybe some of the people that are behind it understand that, but a lot of people don't because that's how lemmings work.
This is how lemmings are sustained in the running direction that they're running, by just more lemmings on social media.
Every day we wake up and just by breathing, eating, and touching various surfaces.
We are exposed to thousands and thousands of antigens.
All at once, all the time.
Our body and our immune systems are ready for
huge numbers of antigens.
And it's an important part of what they do is surveil for those antigens all day long.
Now, if our immune systems are so incredible, what's the big deal if we just let kids build immunity naturally?
Isn't that better anyway?
It is better.
It's true.
The problem with that is the price that you pay for natural immunity.
Natural immunity is a gamble.
And the risk of getting... And so here comes more of the truth.
It is better, he says.
But now there's a gamble.
So again, I hope you can see how the anti-vax movement in America, the health freedom movement in America, the vaccine skeptics are definitely set up to fail because the nuance is going to be available on this side.
The nuance is already being taken up.
The slack is being taken up on this side of the narrative.
And it's been being taken up for years now while we were cheering Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
on to try and get him to be vice president of Donald Trump, like this Skyhorse book was trying to script it back in 2008.
infected with any one of these diseases heavily outweighs the risk of vaccines themselves.
Polio led to paralysis in one out of every 200 infections.
Before the vaccine, nearly half a million people died or were left paralyzed every year around the world.
Chances are pretty good that this paralysis was because of intramuscular injection.
Chances are really good that a lot of these pictures were staged.
chances are really good that a lot of the technology that we are now using is just the next, the several generations down the road of what can we inject in people's muscles that won't really devastate their bodies?
Can we find anything that we can put in there that won't cause paralysis, won't cause autoimmunity, won't cause a almost endless myriad of toxicities?
Because those people in that video, in this video, are not debating about whether there's any toxicity at all.
They were only debating how much the immune system could learn and whether we were pushing too much too early.
And now they're showing you propaganda from the 1950s that the polio is a thing and that there is a vaccine and stuff and Vincent Reddick and Yellow and Paul Offit have been busy ever since they're postdocs.
Hepatitis B can lead to liver cancer or cirrhosis.
90% of infants who catch Hep B end up with a lifelong chronic infection.
But not liver cancer!
And the lifelong chronic infection is just the presence of a virus, a RNA or DNA signal, however they characterize it.
Adenoviruses are found in the liver all the time.
That's why we used them a long time ago as a liver targeting thing, because that's where they ended up.
Oh, ladies and gentlemen, the lies are deep, the webs we've woven.
before the measles vaccine.
There were 48,000 hospitalizations every year for measles.
There were 500 deaths from measles, primarily pneumonia, dehydration, and to some extent encephalitis, which is inflammation of the brain.
Vaccines are on the schedule to remove the gamble.
I think the term natural immunity is the wrong word.
I think the term should be survivor immunity.
because that would be more accurate.
Probably a better question is, is vaccine-induced immunity good enough?
And the answer is yes.
So you can delay or spread out shots, but all that means is more time a child is left unprotected.
So it is a well-tested, well-hewn schedule, a delayed schedule.
only puts children at increased risk so a delayed schedule is something that paul thomas of chd and rfk and robert malone and all these people has been advocating for some time it's actually also the thing that is codified in peter mccullough's book the vaccine myths or some other bullshit that they're trying to put out from chd it's all the same half measures which uh uh or
Now this guy can very easily point to and debunk.
And so every time you think you're going to be able to argue with your family and friends using the talking points very conveniently provided to you by the CHD website, you're going to lose.
you're gonna lose because all of those talking points are by design failures.
That's why Mary Holland has never made any progress except for in salary in the last 10 years.
That's why Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
hasn't made any progress except in salary and book sales in the last 20 years.
That's why none of these people have actually saved anyone.
That's why none of these people ever talk about the opioid epidemic in America.
because these people are scripted actors they're not crusaders or patriots trying to save americans or save america or save america for their children like i am they're just not i don't know what i'm doing i don't know how to do it
That's why I seem desperate.
That's why I say things off the cuff because I don't have a script.
I don't know how we're going to get our kids out of this, but I do know that these people are the walls of the trap.
Social media is the cage and we got to get out of it.
with no advantage.
Though for some parents, it's not the amount of shots, but what's supposedly in them that leads to uncertainty.
Vaccines are typically made up of five components.
The most obvious one is the antigen itself, the thing that prompts your body to launch an immune response.
Sometimes that's a weakened or dead version of the virus, and sometimes it's just a single protein from the virus.
if you have for example a so that's supposed to drive us learned anti-vaxxers nuts because just a second ago they showed you that there was all kinds of other stuff in the in the vaccines and if you know anything about vaccines the virus and sometimes it's just a single sometimes it's a live components the most obvious one
So you see, there's all kinds of stuff in here that they haven't tested.
None of this stuff is placebo tested.
They've got all kinds of stuff in there, like the mercury preservatives and the aluminum and stuff, the adjuvants and the excipients and the stabilizers and the manufacturing byproducts.
Manufacturing byproducts?
You mean like DNA contamination?
Oh, wow.
Look at them all.
They're just absorbing everything.
It's almost like every hero that we could pull out of our card deck is going to be trumped by one of their heroes saying, no, that's stupid.
And if you can see it, then you can understand that it's by design.
It's still the same script.
It's almost like the sparse pandemic document, but it has 10 more years on the back of it.
We're all getting rolled into one burrito of bullshit, ladies and gentlemen, and if we don't pull our heads out soon, Chipotle's gonna close and we're gonna be swept up on the floor of that dead restaurant.
One is the antigen itself, the thing that prompts your body to launch an immune response.
Sometimes that's a weakened or dead version of the virus, and sometimes it's just a single probe.
This is a SAG actor.
This is no different than the girl that sits next to Sam Cedar.
She auditioned for this spot.
You see what I'm saying here?
She doesn't know what she's talking about.
She is a skilled actor who knows how to say a script like she knows what she's talking about.
Is this any different than somebody wearing Vulcan ears and telling you that time travel is possible as long as you're able to skirt the event horizon of a black hole and go to warp seven before the warp core melts down?
Is it any different than that?
No, it's the same thing.
Except this lady has a Twitter account and might actually put a smiley face reply to something that you tweet.
That's the only difference.
protein from the virus.
If you have, for example, a viral vaccine, like the hepatitis B vaccine, that has one hepatitis B virus protein in it.
Compared to when a child gets, say, strep throat, where they're exposed to between 25 and 50 antigens at once, a vaccine has way fewer.
But mounting confusion comes from these other ingredients in vaccines, constantly being cited as toxic.
You have sort of this chemophobia.
The minute you say the chemical name, like sodium phosphate.
I mean, sodium phosphate, for example, may be a buffering agent in vaccines.
And if you say that to people, they don't really know what it means and don't know that they pretty much drink sodium phosphate every day.
Thimerosal, for example.
Of course, drinking it is very different than injecting it into a muscle, but go ahead, tell me more.
has been making headlines recently.
It's a preservative that's been used in all types of products since the 1930s.
And it contains ethyl mercury, which sounds terrifying.
But one, thimerosal was removed from all childhood vaccines in 2001.
And two, extensive research into this has proven it's safe.
You saw studies where children who got this thimerosal-containing vaccine
that they didn't change your blood level of mercury, because it was a trivia.
You know, Catherine Organic, just to make sure you know, I think it was you who just said that.
Who said it?
Where is it?
I just saw it.
Oh yeah, Catherine Organic just said it, the last tweet there, or the last chat there.
Mark Hulak found an interview in some magazine, and I'm sure it's on his archive now, where Paul Offit is being interviewed about vaccines, and then the question is presented to him, or posed to him, like, you know, if you had, you know, if things were a perfect world, what would the vaccine schedule look like?
And he said it would all be oral.
He just said it.
So don't think for one second that these people don't know what they're up to.
They just think that they're telling a noble lie.
It's for the greater good.
Vaccine injury is extremely rare.
And the other side just thinks that vaccine injury is not extremely rare.
It's just rare.
We are in a trap, ladies and gentlemen.
We are about to be completely imprisoned.
by our own actions because we've been running toward the brick wall.
We're about to break our jaws.
And no, there is no evidence that it causes autism.
Dozens of studies have been done on this topic.
There is no link between any vaccine and autism.
24 studies have been done at this point.
24.
Vaccines have been proven millions of times over the course of decades to be safe.
24 studies, but now the scripted actor says they've been proven millions of times to be safe.
But there is autism, and all the people with autism have had intramuscular injection.
The problem is that autism spectrum disorder is a mythology that has roped in all kinds of unrelated
diagnostic conditions, diagnosed conditions, sets of symptoms under some meaningless umbrella to exactly prevent you from seeing that intramuscular injection's just a dumb idea that is so temporally disconnected from most of the toxicities that result from it that no one has ever realized that it's just a dumb idea from the late 1800s we should have stopped doing when we stopped using morphine like we were using then.
All the diseases they aim to protect us from
are not.
In 2025, the U.S.
recorded the most measles cases in 30 years.
Three people have died.
Outbreaks like this are directly related to dropping vaccination rates.
When immunization rates start to fade, measles comes back.
It's a highly contagious disease.
And for that reason, it needs a very high rate of immunity, community immunity, herd immunity.
Maybe you've seen this chart before.
It's the number of measles infections dating back to the 1950s.
This is where the vaccine was introduced.
Here's a similar chart for polio and HIV, a virus that causes meningitis.
If we can continue to reduce the burden of disease for children through safe and effective vaccines, it's still a passion of ours to continue to find those.
Now, remember, those graphs that they showed at the end are basically the graphs that Suzanne Humphrey supposedly uses to dunk on the polio vaccine.
Stop lying!
It's bad, ladies and gentlemen.
It's very bad because the New York Times is doing it too.
Earlier this month, the Department of Health and Human Services, under the leadership of Robert F. Kennedy Jr., announced it would be cutting nearly $500 million in funding for mRNA vaccine development.
Experts say the announcement was riddled with false and misleading claims about the proven effectiveness of the vaccines.
HHS has determined that mRNA technology poses more risk and benefits for these respiratory viruses.
And it's not just mRNA vaccines.
The Trump budget proposal cuts more than $33 billion from Health and Human Services.
Includes cutting nearly 40%, I'm going to say that again, 40% of federal funding allocated to the National Cancer Institute.
That's nearly $3 billion.
His cuts to scientific funding and grants and institutions broadly have thrown just a huge amount of possibly life-saving research into chaos.
Is any of this, is all of this, really going to make America healthy again?
I doubt it.
Obviously, I doubt it.
But what it does do is reveal what Make America Healthy Again was really, is really, about.
I feel about that movement the way I felt about the Department of Government Efficiency.
I'm fundamentally sympathetic to what it is promising to do.
Don't forget that in the first Trump administration, Peter Thiel was given a role very similar to what Elon Musk was doing with the Doge thing.
Don't forget about that.
That's just one of many things that you shouldn't forget.
A Department of Government efficiency, an effort to make America healthy again.
These are good ideas.
Somebody should actually try them.
But Maha, like Doge, isn't even attempting to do what is promised in the name.
So what is it attempting to do?
What are its actual ideas?
How did a pandemic that was largely ended by vaccines lead to this policy regime?
How did the president who presided over Operation Warp Speed, that was Donald Trump's great success, how did he become the president who appointed RFK Jr.
to lead our most important health institution?
How is it possible that five years after the COVID pandemic, experts now say that we are less prepared for the next pandemic than we were for the last one?
My colleague, David Walsh-Wells has done incredible reporting on the pandemic.
I got to go to the basketball court.
So suffice it to say that if we listened to this, you would be shocked.
to hear how on narrative they are.
It's a natural virus.
It's definitely not a lab leak, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Everything that you would imagine they would say about the COVID narrative, they say.
I mean, they say it perfectly.
They say it really perfectly.
It's just remarkable how sure they are that what the TV told them is true.
So David, I want to start with you.
There's a quote from Michael Lewis, the writer, where he says, the problem with pandemics is that people want to forget them.
So we're four plus years on from COVID's onset.
What have we forgotten?
I would say the biggest thing is the death.
1.5 million Americans died.
30 million people globally, tens of millions hospitalized, probably some number in the millions who are disabled by experience with COVID.
And we now look back on the experience focused on all of these secondary questions, whether we close schools too long, whether we mask toddlers, exactly what kind of sterilizing immunity vaccines could deliver.
And those are all important questions.
You see how scripted I was?
I was saying things like,
telling my viewers what sterilizing immunity was and how it could or couldn't be achieved.
That is the script that I was supposed to be on all the way through the exclamation that see it's a lab leak and I and finally Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
let me tell the truth.
That's where I'd be if I wouldn't have snapped myself out of it, if I wouldn't have kept reading, if I wouldn't have kept buying books on eBay, if I wouldn't have kept asking, do I really know what I think I know?
I would have never gotten this far.
If all these people that have supported my family wouldn't have gotten their checkbook out and sent something, I wouldn't have gotten this far.
But I am farther than almost anyone else has ever gotten.
Because I think I can actually explain how America has been set up to fail.
How American politics has been inverted and distorted to the point where we will eat ourselves alive if we do not pull our heads out.
The left has bamboozled exactly as much as the right has been bamboozled, but
The way the trap is going to work is that the left is going to be dropped on the right, and together both will be annihilated.
And the left will come screaming down on top of us with their feet first, thinking that they're going to land safely on us.
When in reality, they are as part of the same controlled demolition that we are.
It's just that they are on top.
And from their point of view, it looks like they are at least in the better position than we are.
It's very bad, ladies and gentlemen, I want to show you how bad it is.
Should be asking them in any good.
Let me cut to, then, mRNA.
Okay.
Sure.
Because, like, I was a guy who did not want the COVID vaccine, but I do want research on mRNA.
I don't think that that's crazy stuff.
Right.
In fact, when the next one comes along, I may want to be first on line for it.
So, I'm not... So, he's not... he's not on our team.
And, in fact, this script was predicted by me three years ago.
And I said Bill Maher would be one of the people that would do it.
And it's exactly as I suspected that they're using this Huberman clown.
this poser of a biologist, a poser of a neuroscientist who does not have an active lab anymore, just like Sam Harris doesn't have an active lab anymore.
So you should call yourself a former neuroscientist, just like I call myself a recovering academic.
These people are frauds and they are on a national security script because America is being undermined
on both sides so that our populace will never unite around a common vision of our future for our kids, but will unite around a common vision of why our country is so shit.
But it'll be a, you know, one vision on one side and one vision on the other and two groups of people fighting, thinking that they're patriots.
That's what we've been set up for.
And if we can wake ourselves up and we can wake our neighbors up and we can explain what happened to us, we can explain that we didn't fall for Donald Trump.
We didn't fall for Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
We fell for a whole theater that included Bill Maher and included Huberman and Rogan and all these people that it's very easy to say that you dismiss them, just like it's very easy to say that you could always see through Alex Jones or you could always see through Laura Loomer.
It doesn't matter.
You chose a side.
And if you chose a side, you're in the trap.
If you chose a side, you're about to fight with the people in the trap because that's part of the design of it.
Listen to these malevolent scripted national security actors who don't know what they're talking about, but definitely are committed to the script.
Maybe next time, maybe on the next pandemic, I'll be the first in line for the next generation.
That's exactly, exactly what they are scripted to say.
I'm down with, I like Bobby too, but I'm not down with him cutting.
I don't think that that's crazy stuff.
In fact, when the next one comes along, I may want to be first on line for it.
So I'm not down with, I like Bobby too, but I'm not down with him cutting that shit.
Yeah.
So, um,
mRNA is in every single one of our cells.
A DNA, RNA, RNA protein is kind of like the pathway.
So mRNA itself is not bad.
And the messaging around mRNA vaccines has led people to believe that anything that carries the letters mRNA is bad.
We are all here and we would not be here were it not for mRNA.
mRNA vaccines
So that's a little bit like saying that, you know, all the thing about, you know, putting oil in the car is just stupid because our cars wouldn't work if we didn't put oil in them.
All the cars on the road work because we put oil in them.
So telling me that spraying oil on a car is dumb, boy, you don't know what you're talking about, man.
That's like saying that, you know, computer code is computer code.
Computers run on computer code.
So computer code can't be bad.
We wouldn't have computers without computer code.
It's already bullshit.
And of course it's going to get much worse because the impurity of the RNA
versus the purity of the RNA, right?
Because we're making a pure quantity of mRNA of RNA that would never exist in nature, but it's not a pure quantity.
It's got all kinds of fragments of mRNA shit that get produced by this industrial process.
And it's an analog because it's been chemically altered to be N1 methyl pseudouridine, which is not a natural base like pseudouridine is.
It's not a natural mRNA like any of these things could potentially, I guess, be made of regular mRNA.
We just put it in places it doesn't belong and see what happens.
No, no, no, no, no.
He's got so little accuracy here that he's actually making the people that are listening to him simply dumber.
because his nice, you know, banter and presentation and discussion with this other scripted jackass makes it seem like this guy's got our best interests in mind.
He just wants us to understand.
And since he's a Stanford biologist, we should just trust him.
I mean.
Are a relatively new technology.
Controversial.
A relatively new technology.
Stop lying.
It's not.
It's old technology that is beyond the expiration date, beyond the limited applications have been used almost to exhaustion on the academic bench.
This man is a fraud.
because of their implementation during the COVID pandemic and indeed they're a new technology and we would not be here were it not for mRNA.
mRNA vaccines are a relatively new technology controversial because of their implementation during the COVID pandemic.
And indeed, there are people out there who either insist on or have evidence that they have vaccine injuries of some sort, and that has been the rationale for removing this $500 million of support for mRNA research.
I'm gonna get some hate, I might get some love, doesn't really matter to me.
What is important for me to say is that there is incredible work on non-COVID-related mRNA vaccines related to cancer.
And non-COVID-related mRNA vaccines for cancer can work in a person who's already going to die.
It can work as a limited form of understanding how to augment the immune system to a particular target and eliminate it.
It can work.
But those people don't turn back to their old selves.
They don't live to be 110.
They're not success stories except insofar as they were going to die acutely.
This guy's lying just like the Human Genome Project lies when they say that they've completed the human genome.
He's lying like they say when they have the full sequence of the virus that they found in the wild.
He's lying.
He doesn't even understand what he's lying about because he's only a scripted actor.
And because he's one of these people that if you give him a book, he can learn it.
and give him another book, he can learn it.
He can follow a script and he can improvise even if the script is really big or, you know, he can jump around in it.
He's a really bright guy.
But what he is, is a script reader.
He's not going to be able to tell you that, hey man, the Romulans, they're the same as the Vulcans.
He's never going to say that.
because it's not in the script, just like he's never going to say, you know, these are old technologies.
Transfection is something that people have been using on the academic bench for years in mice and monkeys.
And so to roll it out as and call it a vaccine is just ridiculous.
It's disingenuous.
We already had a name for it.
And by the way, vaccine is a dumb word anyway, because it doesn't mean much if vaccines can be injected and inhaled and
and subcutaneous and intramuscular than what is a vaccine other than a tool or a vehicle, you know?
And so this semantic game is being played by experts trained in the art.
and related to neurologic conditions, and many genetic diseases, and many, many things for which we would be absolutely foolish to ignore the technology.
Who's gonna hate you for that?
Well, many people.
And look, I've been a vaccine skeptic, I'm a skeptic of everything medical.
Because everything medical, let me ask you one final question.
How much do you think we know?
Like if you had 100%,
is everything we could possibly know about medicine and how the body works.
My difference with a lot of people is they think we're like at 90%.
I think we're at 20.
I think we're at 10 at best.
10!
And I'll give you a different answer.
See how stupid it is?
We made them say this.
There is no doubt in my mind that these two monkeys have been scripted to say this because now they're going to go on to explain why that 10% that we do know is enough to justify all the certainty and Bravo that we show.
Bravado, excuse me, right?
All the certainty, all the, the, the, the arrogance that we demonstrate is all based on the idea that that 10% is apparently more than enough.
It's more than enough for him to call himself a neuroscientist, more than enough for him to start a podcast and tell everybody about everything that he knows, because we know at least 10% of all the knowledge out there.
Come on, guys.
And I'm not trying to undercut the careers and trust in my friends who are physicians and scientists.
I'm a scientist.
I'm still tenured at Stanford.
And I love science.
I love medicine.
And I believe in certain medications and supplements and nutrition and behaviors.
I do think all of it's important.
That hedging was fantastic.
I gotta play it again, it's so funny.
What a clown.
I mean, he's tenured at Stanford, but he doesn't even have a frickin' lab anymore.
How can you explain that?
How can he be on this different track of tenure professor where he gets to go on Bill Maher and be a podcast guy?
Because we are being governed by podcast actors, that's why.
And behaviors, I do think all of it's important.
A good friend of mine, who's a chair of neurosurgery, perhaps one of the greatest neurosurgeons ever to live, I asked him, I said, what percentage of the information in medical school textbooks in the United States and elsewhere is inaccurate, is just false, and we know it?
And he said,
at least half, given the new information.
And then a good friend of mine said to him in the same conversation, what do you think the impact of that is on human health and the treatment of disease, et cetera?
And he said, incalculable.
We are still in our infancy of understanding.
That is not to say we haven't made great discoveries.
And I should say, it's not to say that the NIH is a failure, and elsewhere.
is inaccurate, is just false, and we know it.
And he said, at least half, given the new information.
And then a good friend of mine said to him in the same conversation, what do you think the impact of that is on human health and the treatment of disease, et cetera?
And he said, incalculable.
We are still in our infancy of understanding.
That is not to say we haven't made great discoveries.
And I should say.
So isn't it interesting that despite this statement,
We are supposed to believe that there aren't fundamental, ridiculous things about the way that we do things.
We've got most of the big things right, but you know, all the subtle details are in the last 90%.
It's not possible that we're doing something, I don't know, like, you know, putting a quart of oil over the top of the engine, just to make sure that everything runs fine.
You know, extra oil can't hurt.
That's what he sounds like.
He sounds like a mechanic that is pretty sure about 10% of the stuff in the car.
And so he's pretty confident that he can fix it.
It's pretty confident that not a lot's, oh wait, no, I'm sorry.
It's incalculable how much damage that's doing to your car, but I'm gonna go ahead and pour that oil on top of the engine anyway.
I'm gonna go ahead and put some sugar in the gas tank because maybe the gas needs to be a little sweeter.
You know what?
I think I'm gonna go ahead and put the Armor All, you know, squirt it right in the injector because who knows what will happen.
Maybe there, I need some WD-40 in places that it's missing.
This is the kind of bullshit, two-sided, that's ridiculous what he's saying.
It's ridiculous that he thinks that with just 10%, which of course is a gross overestimate of what we know about our irreducibly complex biology, but it's enough to proceed.
It's enough to push forward.
It's enough to insist.
That's how you can see that it's a scripted actor because his script doesn't make sense and he's reading it anyway.
You know, that's how you, that's how you see it.
And unless you are a biologist and you've been working hard on it for a long time, you're not going to see it.
This is just going to be for 80% of the Western population that sees this video.
It'll just make sense.
It'll sound reasonable.
It'll sound like two people that are kind of admitting that they didn't know everything.
It's malevolence, ladies and gentlemen.
It's not to say that the NIH is a failed endeavor.
It has returned beautifully in many areas of science and medicine.
I do think an audit and a revision of what we're doing, a careful audit and revision is great, but we can't just throw things out because of what they're called.
It's a malevolent, malevolent place we are in, ladies and gentlemen.
It's a very malevolent place.
And so I got involved in the COVID sort of dissonance side of things because when I saw how they were using PCR and COVID, I realized it was a fraud.
Like we run PCR on cannabis plants all day long.
This is our bread and butter.
We make tests that look for pathogens on cannabis like that.
Now one thing that I'm gonna let this play without actually listening to him I could dissect this part of the interview because it's important for some of the things that he says But what I want you to understand and make no mistake about it This is how bad it is.
This guy two days ago was at a cannabis genetics conference talking exclusively about cannabis virions and cannabis production and cannabis genetics and cannabis cannabis cannabis now
Just like Mary Holland has pivoted to politics and electromagnetic radiation and all this other health freedom bullshit.
Just like the Donald Trump stuff is always moving and kicking the can around and whatever.
This guy is a scripted national security actor.
He's helping to undermine the American civilian population with confusion.
And he's scripted to do so.
What you would hear here is a scripted, malevolent presence on the internet that is only served to the people who need it.
But his role in the Human Genome Project, contrasted to his role since 2020 in this, marks this whole thing as a national security theater.
We were privileged to one part of it.
The rest of the country was privileged to the part on TV and more mainstream media and their own social media feeds.
It doesn't matter.
This is a scripted, scripted actor.
And it's terrible what he is scripted to say.
They changed every single uracil out with pseudouridine.
That completely changes the function of that RNA.
Yep, pseudouridine.
And he's going to repeat it over and over again and of course that's completely inaccurate because it's N1-methyl-pseudouridine.
And the moment I bring up the volume, that's what he's saying.
And that's what he said on podcast after podcast after podcast.
And we just heard Bill Maher and the professor from Stanford talk about it without even the precision of using a pseudouridine as part of the not-so-perfect.
No one's talking about the codon optimization.
Nobody's talking about the three-dimensional structure and how that could change the tertiary structure of the protein that results because, you know, ribosomes also do some shit.
Nobody's talking about the impurities like whatever driving sequence would have been used.
Whatever sequence of promoter region would have been used to drive the plasmid copying.
And the idea that they always knew that would be in there if they used recombinant DNA plasmids in a bacterial culture to manufacture the RNA.
This guy knew
that that process would result in a DNA contamination, an endotoxin contamination, and a tail of impure micro RNAs that would result from the noise.
He knew about all of that at the beginning of the pandemic.
So he knew that even in its best form, transfection would not be appropriate for healthy humans.
And he also knew that due to the manufacturing choices that were made during the pandemic, there was no way in Sam hell that this would be a pure
RNA, and so all of these other caveats applied.
And yet it's only in 2023 that he started saying it, and in 2025 that he's been hailed as a hero on a podcast for saying that SV40, so I sequenced it, it showed up, it's actually in there.
Well, no shit, Sherlock!
You knew it would have been in there from the very beginning because you, like Mike Yeadon and Jonathan Engler and Maraber Malone,
are all experts on the manufacture of protein biologics so you knew that they couldn't use anion exchange chromatography to purify the RNA from the DNA because that's not how chemistry works so these people are scripted actors that have brought a fake populist conservative movement to the brink of disaster
while at the same time a similar set of coordinated scripted actors has brought the Trump derangement syndrome to a new crescendo.
That's where America is right now as a result of people like Kevin McKernan.
And these guys just said, oh, we're just gonna change all of them and then inject it and see what happens.
And you know, you change that one methyl group in the course of trying to build DNA sequencers and your whole sequencer will fall apart.
I mean, the enzymes are that sensitive to a single methyl group being placed on some of these pieces of DNA.
You put 800 of them on the RNA that you're doing, you are in completely unknown territory.
with how that RNA is gonna fold, how it's gonna be processed in the cell, the RNA interference pathways it's gonna kick off.
And we're supposed to believe that he couldn't have said this in 2020, when he was primarily scripted to say that the FDA is in the way, and that the PCR test that the WHO is using isn't right, and it's not fair because they're overcycling, and he explained it to, you know, all these people for a couple years.
Stop lying!
So when I saw what they're doing like this is complete reckless insanity that they're doing and no one's no one's raising their hand about it Which is frustrating because you're in a field and you look around so frustrating that so many Americans were fooled so many Americans were injured that he went to a cannabis conference and spent the whole weekend presenting about the genetics of variants in care and in cannabis because you know
I can't, he can't spend his whole time, you know, with all of his money and patents and sold companies and fat house on the Atlantic ocean.
He can't possibly spend most of his time trying to save people from, from, I don't know, some mass poisoning.
He's got to also run his business.
You know, it's just a, his, his dissident thing is just a part-time thing.
You know, it's not that the priorities, you know, I got to do other things.
I got to keep,
keep all these different balls in the air.
If these people in the health freedom movement actually believed what they were fighting for, they would be all in.
And they're not all in.
Somebody with one hundred thousand subscribers on Substack who retweets Robert Malone is not all in.
Except if you mean like an operator all in, a national security scripted actor all in.
None of your peers are talking about this.
Right.
And you're like, is everyone in on this?
Like what's going on?
And
Ladies and gentlemen, endemicity is a myth.
It definitely is.
They use non-specific PCR tests.
That's how they did it.
And it's been all murder and lies, basically.
I'm actually going to escape for a second and put the real song on here.
Hold on one second.
Because I really like chips.
And so I had it muted, but I'm not going to mute it.
I was going to play the old song, but today we're not going out with the regular song.
We are going out with a different song because I love chips.
And it's Mike's birthday today, so I don't know why, but I just think this is Mike's birthday song.
Mike is one year old.
He's still growing.
He's a tiny little dog, so I keep telling him, you know, you better go to sleep and grow because otherwise I'm taking you back to the store and getting a bigger dog.
Ladies and gentlemen, it's for all the marbles, for all the children of Earth.
Don't forget that there's a red trap.
um and it is completely nonsense and there's a blue trap and it's also completely nonsense but we're all in a trap and unfortunately right now current events make this this this side feel like
They were less fooled than us.
And so we're in a little dangerous position, but I do think there's common ground.
Intramuscular injections, a dumb idea.
Transfection was an old technology.
RNA cannot pandemic.
And autism is a meaningless word by design.
And these anti-vaxxers tricked us with that.
So thanks for being here.
You guys are trapped in a national security theater.
You don't need that reminding me.
I'm going to see you guys tomorrow because tomorrow's Tuesday.
Thanks for being here.
Don't forget to download the PeerTube app.
We're live there.
If you look and try to put in the URL, you won't be able to do it until you are given a button.
So look for other platforms and then put in stream.gigaohm.bio and then it will say it can't find the platform.
And then if you look underneath, you will see a button that says enter URL.
And when you click on that,
Then when you put this in, Bob will definitely be your uncle.
I'll see you tomorrow.
I have no responsibility for the current pandemic.
Stop lying!